viva la Crosby slap bang in the middle
oh yeah you Hani punk yo guys its Viva
La Crosse be here and I've got the
iphone 4s in white and I'm doing a
review about it as you see the box is
pretty sexy yes it is sexy and I've got
to receive such a aborted cash in hand
or my girlfriend bought it as you can
see there but this'll said 500 pound
from the careful where else I'll fight
you out do a quick review even though
there's loads of them on the net but
this one up a bit of a twist because
even Cheryl Cole's gonna be joining off
right now so yeah she'll be like she'll
be like an insurer but then touch on one
step sis on my oh yeah turtle shut up
now right let's exceed briefly stem is
the iphone 4 in the air ets beautiful
nice and sleek somebody'll show a little
bit right as if you up there that you go
to fit this way it's got the camera icon
in front of the squawk screen slider up
in the chemical readout yet a megapixel
camera better than the iphone 4 x iphone
4 story about that and collage games but
the most main thing that people buy it
for is Siri Siri are you gay who you
calling me sexy I hate you you know your
mom's got a big funny I can search the
way stop serving our yep as you know the
camera then you put your photos got
millions of thousands of them oh yeah as
you know it's a lot faster than the
iphone 4 because that's what X means for
in a speed that's going to be using ball
up
I don't want to reach you that's gonna
play you how'd you do it dirty job holy
let's play again come on choose the
bolt well cut ass with that dumating now
right I think I see as well since you
boys come out you could update your
phone a lot easier your iPhone what if
you go to settings go in general and
then go and software update obviously I
what little of latex warm but it will
normally come up with you've gone on you
can use precise surgical and itunes and
upload the knee and there is a 16 gig
iphone 4s because of a too big like
she's going to quit and I'm not going to
spend that on the phone if I am mad
spend on it for a Seaver facetime week I
will do there you go recording with the
same galaxy s4 tricks chick some other
stuff out that's key icon to change now
you speed the ipod but it's not just
music sign now the phone is really fast
on the internet wallets love a girl on
safari quick like came off as you see
it's fast and yet i figured i should
best check that with your slender scared
that she told me it was honestly that
game is really bit of scary and yeah
it's got a 1080 screen good really good
quality see there and it the phone is
actually been the older art form
who do we ask Lily it guys but like said
it's sleek you've got your silent button
there you've got yet mm headset input
there and you've got your speaker there
so it's really guys I just want to show
you quickly got it back to like about